Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth and retrieve gems from
Yarda's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
Right then,
coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Vlog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news, disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
Well, thank you, Wookie.
It's a pleasure to be here with you.
Our vlog on the blog today is going
to be a continuation with the basics.
This is the second episode on Bikuwrym.
And as we return to the text of
the Towrah,
Yahowah says you should not vocally support
their gods or speak on behalf of their
deities.
You know what the verb was in that
statement?
It's lo chawah.
Is that a name that rings a bell
to you?
This verb ought to tell you that the
first woman created in God's image out of
man,
her name did not mean a life giver.
That her name means speaks her mind.
That's what means.
That's why it was used as a verb
here in the sense of false gods.
Do not,
do not be like Chawah is what it
says here.
And Chawah, you know,
made a mess of things.
So it says,
do not be like Chawah and speak on
behalf of their false gods.
And you should not serve them,
which is what...
It's happened.
That's the nature of Islam with Allah.
It's the nature of Christianity with the
man-god Jesus.
It's the nature of Judaism by having a
god that the rabbis controlled that is
nameless and is called Hashem.
You should not do as they do either.
Rather, instead, it will be...
you who will overthrow them.
Yes,
eventually the restoration of Israel will
enable that final remnant to be part of
the overthrowing of the rabbis,
of the Christians, and of the Muslims.
So then you should break apart and crush
their sacred monuments and their holy
objects.
Oh boy,
am I ever happy to hear that because,
well,
I am a man with a jackhammer,
and if it's not already blown apart by
the time that ElYah and I get there
as the two final witnesses,
then I'm tearing it down.
I'm allergic to religious objects of that
type.
The Dome of the Rock and Al-Aqsa Mosque
are nothing but sores, scabs,
boils on top of, yeah,
it was Temple Mount and they must go.
So at least I have a place to
use the jackhammer as it was intended.
I hope that I'm given that opportunity.
They can keep the Kaaba as a laughing
stock,
a testament to the absurdity of the
religion,
although I'd flatten the Rome and the
Vatican and I'd bury every church and
mosque in the world.
That's just me because I prefer Yahowah's
animosity to religion.
It is as obvious as words allow.
Goddamn religion.
Yahowah loathes every aspect of what men
worship.
The very institution most attributed to
God is the one God most despises.
It has been Yahowah's preference,
at least within his home,
that his people should have
not have ever deployed any religious
artifact, and yet they have.
In fact,
what do you think the Star of David
has nothing to do with David,
but the star that they rally around?
It's a pagan object of worship.
And we ought not be doing such things.
We are not to emulate the ways of
the Gentiles,
and that would be their religious and
political nonsense.
We should not embrace their customs,
their politics either.
To live with God is to divorce oneself
of the ways of man.
The message of his malak is Yahowah's
message.
And that is what we have read throughout
the Towrah and in the prophets,
that God is conveying a message that is
at sync with everything he has previously
said.
when he conveys his instructions to man
through his choosing and implement.
So Yahowah's message, it's straightforward.
It is consistent.
He says, therefore,
you should not work with and serve on
behalf of Yahowah, your God.
Therefore, he said, not you should not,
excuse me, you should.
It's like the error in the first edition
of the King Iams Bible,
now known as the King James.
It forgot the not here.
I artificially added one, but it says,
you know, you should commit adultery.
Oops.
In this particular case,
you should work with and serve on behalf
of Yahowah, your God,
as he will bless your bread and your
water.
Bread is the substance of your body.
Water is the substance of your rebirth and
new life.
And if you're going to be part of
the covenant family, this is good advice.
God is looking for those who are willing
to work with Him, serve on His behalf.
If you're not willing to work on Yahowah's
behalf and you just want the free ride
out of town,
you do not belong as part of the
covenant.
You will not be included in it.
God has a test.
He's not changing His rules.
You need to choose to work with and
serve on behalf of Yahowah.
if you want the blessings that He is
offering,
particularly the blessings of un-yeasted
bread and the rebirth of Bikuwrym,
which would be Matsah and Bikuwrym in this
particular case,
that He is blessing your bread and your
water.
Just be aware that is a contingent for
God.
It is his test.
Furthermore, he says,
I will remove this sickness from your
midst.
That sickness would be religion.
All right.
So we're now going to turn to Shemowth
Names, Exodus twenty three,
because it's unequivocal.
The Miqra'ey.
they lead us home.
It's possible to benefit from the Beryth
because of what Dowd did in fulfilling
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
In addition,
the invitations to be called out and meet
convey Yahowah's plan of reconciliation.
They're the only way for us to come
from this polluted and corrupt,
deadly world of men.
to the eternal and perfect realm of God.
And this is what he has revealed that
he has done in collaboration with Dowd.
The festival feasts provide the skeleton
upon which the entire story of how our
relationship with God takes shapes has
evolved throughout time.
Understand these meetings and you will
appreciate the nature and the purpose of
the Towrah and its covenant.
Rely upon them and you will be invited
into God's home.
Now,
we have discovered that the pattern of six
days of work followed by a time designated
to restore life,
that it's the same model that has been
incorporated into Matsah and that is what
leads to bukkur.
And within this context, God just told us,
and here's a summation of what we have
heard.
To observe the Towrah is essential.
This communicates two essential truths.
First, the Towrah can be relied upon,
especially when it comes to our inclusion
into Yahowah's family.
And second,
the Towrah is the primary source of answers
explaining God's intent and our purpose.
Second, to recognize,
we need to recognize that Yahowah alone is
God.
No other name for God should be spoken
unless it is to expose and condemn pagan
myths.
And in this regard,
when it comes to eternal life,
there is no difference between the fate of
those who believe that there is no God
and those who do not know God at
all,
and the fate of those who worship a
different God like Allah or Jesus.
A God conceived by men,
as was the case of Jesus,
is counterproductive.
Three, to stand with Yahowah,
we must meet with him and be prepared
to
Go on a journey with him three times
a year as we celebrate the festival
feasts,
particularly the three end gatherings.
This makes three significant with regard
to time.
And it makes standing significant with
regard to the purpose of these meetings,
particularly Bikuwrym, Shabuwah and Taruwah,
the three harvests.
We should correlate the festival feast of
un-yeasted bread with Yahowah's willingness
to withdraw his people from religious and
political persecution.
The Miqra'ey were grounded in the Yatsa,
particularly the first four of them,
and most certainly the first three,
and they were all fulfilled by the Zarowa.
Numbers five,
we should understand that there are three
essential harvests that God wants us to
celebrate.
Bikuwrym, firstborn children, Shabuwah,
the promise of the Shabbat,
which is of standing grain and is
all-inclusive, and Taruwah, trumpets,
an olive harvest of Israelites prior to
the Messiah's return.
It is on these days that redeemed souls
are gathered together and offered entry
into the seventh dimension.
God does not want anyone,
to participate that does not belong or
anyone who belongs to be left behind.
To know that it was Dowd is the
sixth point who suffered for us becoming
our savior on Passover.
And it was Dowd's soul which endured the
long night of separation on Matsah to
remove our guilt.
The initial sacrifice to resolve the
consequence of us missing the way and the
other removed the penalty.
of us inadvertently leading others astray.
Now,
two thousand years separate Adam's
expulsion from the Garden and the
confirmation of the covenant relationship
with Abraham on Mount Moriah in .
exactly forty Yowbel or redemptive years
later on that same mountain the ultimate
father and son provided the benefits of
the covenant doing so in thirty three ce
year four thousand Yah and now on the
cusp of twenty thirty three which is your
six thousand yeah the hundred and
twentieth Yowbel year within the lifetimes
of those who witnessed israel's rebirth
and exactly
Two thousand years from Dowd's fulfillment
of the invitations to be called out and
meet Pesasch, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
father and son will return to restore the
covenant family on Kipurym so that we can
camp out together during Sukah.
Thus far,
Yahowah has made it abundantly clear that
he isn't ambivalent about how we respond
to him.
Those who rely upon him will be protected
and they will ultimately triumph.
We have previously considered Yahowah's
presentation of the Mow'ed Miqra'ey of Pesach
and Matsah, of course,
in our opening programs.
And here we are now considering the
implications of Bikuwrym,
the firstborn children.
And so as we move into another statement
that Yahowah has to offer to explain the
purpose of Bikuwrym, He has this to say.
Then Yahowah spoke these words to Moshe in
order to promise and say,
under the auspices of free will,
convey the word of God on behalf of
the children of Israel and say to them.
All right, so this is from Yahowah.
It's being conveyed to Moshe.
We take it on the highest authority.
And he's saying,
you have the opportunity to choose to
accept this or reject it.
It's under the auspices of free will.
and that it is offered on behalf of
God to the children of Israel,
those who engage and endure with God.
He wanted Moshe to convey the following to
them.
The Mowedym,
these restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony regarding the appointed meeting
times of Yahowah, not of Jews,
not of a church, of Yahowah.
are to show the way to the benefits
of the relationship.
You are to continually and genuinely take
advantage of them.
You're invited to attend them as set
apart, Miqra'ey,
invitations to be called out and meet.
These are my,
God speaking directly to them, Mowedym,
eternal witnesses to the restoring
testimony of these appointed meeting
times.
Six days, then,
the Mala'kah,
the spiritual messenger will act.
And then on the seventh day,
there will be a Shabbat observance,
a Shabbatown to consider everything
associated with the promise and purpose of
the set apart nature of the invitation to
be called out and meet.
The spiritual messenger, the Mala'kah,
which is the full implications of the
messenger that we discussed in our last
program,
is doing everything such that you do not
have to do anything.
There are two of them in this case,
the two men who are presented as the
greater and lesser luminaries,
and they are responsible for fulfilling
the Mowedym.
And that's why they are mentioned here.
They're the ones who make the sacrifice.
They're not asking you to follow them.
They don't ask you to pick up your
cross.
They don't ask you to make any sacrifice.
They just want you to know,
and God wants you to know,
that his spiritual messengers,
they have done the work.
And in this case,
it was Dowd fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
It will be the one known as Yada,
the Nakry,
who will fulfill Shabuwah and Taruwah so
that,
Dowd can return with Yahowah on Kipurym,
and then they will cooperate and
collaborate again throughout the thousand
years of Sukah.
That is who we're talking about as it
relates to the spiritual messenger who
works,
doing everything so that you do not have
to do anything.
It is a Shabbat occurrence to approach
Yahowah, to live and abide throughout time.
So these godly eternal witnesses to the
appointed meetings of Yahowah
are set apart,
which means they're not religious.
They're invitations to be called out and
meet,
which to receive the benefits of the
relationship, you're invited to attend,
to be called out and welcomed.
Qara, Miqra'ey, over and over again, Mow'ed,
Mowedym,
God is reinforcing a very direct concept.
And here it is, Miqra'ey, Asher, Qara,
and then Mow'ed.
There are restoring witnesses to the
appointed meeting times where you are
invited and called out to so that you
can meet and be welcomed into God's
company.
In the first month,
on the fourteenth of the month,
for the purpose of understanding,
at twilight, of course, is Passover,
according to Yahowah.
And during the fifteenth day of this same
month is the festival feast of unyeasted
bread, of Matsah,
which is necessary to approach Yahowah.
Seven days you should eat bread without
the embittering nature of yeast.
The first and foremost,
the primary day exists as a set apart
and cleansing invitation to be called out
and meet for you to approach and you
shall not consistently perform any of the
duties of that spiritual messenger,
the Mala'kah,
which is designated as the work of God
collaborating with these messengers.
So now approach and come near, be present.
with this feminine manifestation of God's
fiery light to near Yahowah,
to approach Yahowah for seven days,
to be in God's presence,
which means you need to be transformed,
which is the whole nature of approaching
the fire, which transforms, elevates,
if you will, decaying organic matter,
turning it into light and energy.
On the seventh day,
there is a set-apart invitation to be
called out and meet.
You should not do any part of the
ministerial responsibilities of heaven's
messenger, the Mala'kah.
God's very serious about this.
Well,
then that leads to this point as we
approach the purpose of Bikuwrym.
Then again,
Yahowah spoke to Moshe to convey...
The following,
speak to the children of Yisrael and say
to them, indeed,
when you arrive and enter into the land,
which for the benefit of the relationship,
I am giving to you and reap its
harvest,
bring a sheath of grain ready for
transport, an omar,
and make that sheath of grain that is
ready for transport to be a first fruits,
to be resheathed.
of your harvest, Qatsyr, to the priest,
the Cohen,
who was going to officiate so that he
can explain the purpose of all of this.
This would be Qara called out,
never should have been called Leviticus,
23:10.
So now that we have been freed from
the consequence and penalty of our
propensity to rebel as a result of
Passover and on yeasted bread,
our souls are prepared
for the Bikuwrym harvest we're going home
but not just to any home as a
result of becoming immortal and not guilty
sons and daughters within the covenant
family we're headed to the promised land
to live with Yahowah
with the exception of Chanowk,
known as Enoch, and ElYah, known as Elijah,
who were called home long ago.
It is reasonable to think that the souls
of many others who accepted Yahowah's
provision between Adam and Abraham,
and those who embraced Yah's covenant
relationship between Abraham and Moshe,
and from Moshe to Dowd,
were gathered together
and taken to Shamaym,
advanced in terms of their dimensionality,
during the celebration of firstborn
children in year four thousand, yeah,
thirty-three CE.
And while I suppose it is also possible
that they will be included in the next
harvest on Shabuwah,
when many Gowy and Yahuwdym would join them,
Since it is categorized as standing grain,
I suspect that it is of living souls
who will be withdrawn at that time.
And that everyone prior to that time will
have benefited already from the harvest of
Bikuwrym.
So similarly,
since the ripe olives are being picked
from the tree's branches and not from the
ground,
the Taruwah gleaning will be of Jews and
Israelites.
These celebrations will be followed,
I should say,
by the homecoming on Kipurym.
Anyway,
this next statement confirms as much,
adding the realization that our approval
before God, well, is a favor from God.
He said,
and he should lift up and wave that
which is associated with the sheath of
prepared grain to approach the presence of
Yahowah.
So he should lift up and wave that
which is associated with this sheath of
prepared grain
that which is bundled and ready to be
processed for the transport,
to approach the presence of Yahowah for the
purpose of you being accepted,
of you being favorably accommodated and
approved,
which means there is a test involved here.
As a result,
contemplate the consequence of vacillating
or of
Delaying on this Shabbat when the priest
shall raise and now without a priest,
it's us symbolically raising and waving
it.
This presentation of Bikuwrym is markedly
different than that of Pesach and Matsah,
even though it is derived from the same
text as we read the prelude to it.
Passover and uneastered bread were
explicitly titled and dated.
And there is no mention here of the
name Bikuwrym, firstborn children,
or of the sixteenth day of the month,
although Bikuwrym will be clearly
identified elsewhere and has been up to
this point.
Also different,
Pesach and Matsah were explicitly labeled
Mow'ed, Miqra'ey, and Chag,
all three terms applied.
where Bikuwrym appears to be included
within the collective depiction of the
Mow'ed Miqra'ey of Chag Matsah.
Just like there is a Chag Sukah
containing the last three of Yahowah's Mow'ed
and Mowedym,
there is a Chag Matsah which includes the
first three.
And it will be each individual's
responsibility to ascertain Yahowah's
testimony on how to carry out these
instructions regarding Pesach and Matsah,
but not entirely so with Bikuwrym,
where the priests were actually asked to
demonstrate the uplifting wave offering.
But in this case,
we don't have any Kohen,
so all we have is those who will
minister on behalf of the people
representing Yahowah.
Even more significantly,
the celebrations of Passover and unyeasted
bread were initiated during the Yatsa
Exodus,
while this particular expression was
scheduled for the arrival in the Promised
Land.
Recognizing that the very few of us now,
of course,
are farmers and few of us still reside
within the promised land and that the
occasion is not dated and that there has
not been a Kohen priest from the tribe
of Lowy around to demonstrate how the nowph
uplifting wave will work now for well over
twenty centuries.
What is a person to do?
Well,
the answers are found really in the words
themselves,
or at least in the greater context of
Yahowah's presentation.
So let's examine both,
beginning with the nomenclature here that
God used, because nowph is important.
It communicates the idea of being lifted
up, in this case, of course, to heaven,
of being presented to God,
and of moving around with him.
This is...
distinct from being left behind.
And it borrows,
it's far from bowing down because it's
about standing up.
It has nothing to do with being immobile,
but instead being mobile.
nowph
which was translated as he should lift up
and wave,
can also convey the idea of to blow
upon,
as in God giving the soul additional
capability.
And this may be indicative of Yahowah
breathing additional consciousness or a
conscience into humankind and elevating
our capacity to be observant and to think
as we are elevated in dimensionality.
Now,
since eth ha-omer represents a small
sheath of grain,
which is bundled together and ready for
processing and transport,
these represent a few souls among the many
who will be granted entry into heaven as
a result of this day.
They are nowph
being put in motion elevated and raised
and then presented such that they are
prepared they're a pane Yahowah to approach
the very presence of Yahowah upon his
arrival then this means that Bikuwrym is
symbolic of us being selected and prepared
by god lifted up to heaven and included
in his family so that we can live
in Yahowah's presence
Now this is all possible because Yahowah's
ratsown merciful, is merciful.
And ratsown conveys the eternal truth that
payment in full for our debt has been
made.
And it is accepted through the exercise of
free will.
Upon making the choice to be accepted and
to please God,
we rise up to heaven and we live
in his presence.
ratsown is a compound of ratza and own
and encourages us to consider everything
there is to know about being accepted by
God.
Another one of those own words.
Therefore,
with Pesach providing an extension on
life,
and Matsah,
removing religious and political
corruption from our souls, come Bikuwrym.
We are prepared to be accepted by Yahowah
in all ways,
allowing Him to raise us up into His
presence in the seventh dimension and to
bring us home.
This, of course, is all great news, but
How are we then to render the concept
of min machorath ha shabat
Does machorath mean that this will occur on
the next day?
Or is its meaning correctly derived from
its actionable root,
which is ma to ponder and 'achar
If so,
are we being asked to consider the
consequence
of waiting, of hesitating,
and that could be disastrous for us,
or of deferring our engagement with God on
this day, which would also be ill-advised.
To 'achar is to vacillate,
and as a result,
it's to be left behind,
is what a car means.
This is to suggest that those who fail
to capitalize on Pesach and Matsah leading
to Bikuwrym will remain mired in symbolic
Mitsraym in the milieu of religion and
politics,
with 'achar serving as the actionable
root
Yahowah seems to be saying that we should
not dither.
We should not waver or be uncertain with
regard to Ha Shabbat,
the promises he made during these seven
days.
Nor should we hesitate when it comes to
being among those who are nowph
on the move, and being lifted up.
So the integration of ma and 'achar can
also mean that we should contemplate what
comes next.
And
That is a powerful thought considering the
plan which concludes with this Shabbat
celebration.
The first three lengthen our lives.
Cause us to be not guilty and bring
us home so that we can be enriched,
enlightened,
and empowered by God as part of the
covenant family.
Now pushing us toward action rather than
hesitation, God said.
And then you should act,
you should actually engage at this point
in time.
Doing what should be done for you to
benefit with regard to this day.
Raising and waving nowph
On your behalf,
the sheath of gathered grain ready for
transport.
along with the lamb that completes the
mission, ,
which for so very long I rendered perfect.
It's one of the reasons why I've asked
my comrade over here to not put the
text up quite as often,
because this is something I translated,
oh, two or three years ago,
and I'm now trying to lay the basics,
and we've learned a lot about , Tamym
haven't we?
Tamym does not mean perfect.
There is no such thing as a perfect
lamb.
There's no such thing as a perfect person.
God's not looking for perfection.
Perfection would drive him out of his
ever-loving mind.
God doesn't even present himself as
perfect.
Perfect is a horrible idea.
It means that if you were perfect,
you would have nothing to learn,
nowhere to go, nothing to prove,
nothing to do, nothing.
It's all eternity to be wasted on you.
Life would be wasted on you.
Nothing to be accomplished.
Now, Tamym is from Taman.
And the verb Taman means to finish the
job, to complete the mission.
And so this is not a perfect lamb.
It is the lamb of God who was
willing to do what needed to be done,
to see it through.
and that lamb was of course Dowd and
it means tamam to be right and to
complete who is a year old to rise
up to approach yeah you know the life
of many animals is much more advanced than
than uh a human years and so every
year we're supposed to sacrifice an offer
as we dine on the uh the
lamb during Pesach.
So it serves as being symbolic of the
very body of Dowd
the Basar that he sacrificed in thirty
three CE for us to live and rise
up to approach Yahowah.
So Yahowah's Towrah,
his Beryth and his Miqra'ey serve as a
call to action.
God wants us to engage.
None of this is about faith or believing.
And it's not about, of course,
bowing down or worshiping,
nor is it about delineating a thousand
ways to do nothing on the Shabbat or
to be kosher.
Those are all religious concepts.
To know Yahowah and to enter into his
presence, we listen and then we respond.
We do.
as he has requested.
All right, next, as we move on,
Yahowah details some of the additional
ingredients which will help us better
appreciate the nature of this gift.
But beyond this, we find ʾisarown
which speaks of a tenfold enrichment and
empowerment, of Soleth,
of the purified grain representing saved
souls.
This means that with the fulfillment of
the first three, Mowedym,
these restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony by Yahowah and Dowd,
In the eightieth Yowbel year,
all five of the covenants benefits are
provided.
The children of the covenant become
immortal.
They are pronounced not guilty and they
are adopted while exponentially empowered
and enriched.
And this is all a result of what
Dowd as the Zarowa sacrificial lamb has
done.
Therefore,
His sacrificial offering is a double
portion, two times, a second time,
twice or both,
for a ten times enrichment and
empowerment.
Ten times, that's a magnitude,
but twice ten times,
and it's going to be twice ten times
again come Shabuwah.
Maybe ten to the tenth power times four.
As we consider this terminology, ʾisarown
it is a compound of Esher,
ten and tenfold,
and Ashar to enrich with own all things
pertaining to being enhanced and thus
being empowered and enlightened to the
fullest extent possible.
of the purified grain the soleth the
bread flour with the holes removed
revealing the inter and pristine kernel
distinguished from whole grain inclusive
of the impurities uh so it's indicative of
safe souls combined with the oil it is
associated with the manifestation of god's
light to approach Yahowah
Serving as a means to become acceptable
and to draw near spiritually, it's ryach
Through reconciliation,
along with a drink offering,
which is poured out on it of wine,
a fourth part of the unit of measure.
Qara called out Leviticus,
so what are we to make of that?
Well,
prior to this writing and this review of
Yada Yahowah,
and this is the Miqra'ey invitations volume,
Now,
taking selected passages from this to
present the first three basics, Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
they're all in this book.
It's, you know, a scant six hundred pages.
So if we were to cover the whole
book, we would have a hundred pages.
or more programs just on these three
subjects.
So if you think that it's a lot
just to have back-to-back programs on
Bikuwrym,
understand this is already a very
summarized version of what we can know
about these events,
but enough to cover the basics.
So I had previously correctly noted that
Esharon was used to affirm that the
children of the covenant would be
enriched.
They'd be empowered.
They'd be enlightened.
They'd be enabled,
which is what God is offering us through
the covenant as a result.
All of this is the result of God.
Pesach and Matsah leading to Bakowram but i
attributed these benefits really to
Shabuwah where issheron is used again to
say that those who are harvested will
bequeath these same benefits a double dose
and tenfold increase again but the fact is
happens both times
And so it's a double dose of tenfold
plus a double dose of tenfold.
God is serious about what he's going to
do to increase our capability.
And this is the reason that, well,
I incorrectly assumed for the longest time
that Dowd fulfilled Shabuwah in year two
thousand.
Yeah, but that is incorrect.
It is our responsibility to fulfill and
cultivate the harvest of Shabuwah.
It is upcoming,
is either two months away with this coming
Shabuwah on May twenty second,
or it is fourteen months away with the
fulfillment of
Shabuwah on June eleventh,
also a Shabbat of 2027
One would allow seven years and four
months,
and I think the other is six years
and in three months time prior to those
return.
And there are
There are evidences both ways,
and the fact is that it could well
be a split fulfillment in the sense that
the first could be the beginning,
which I think it is the time of
troubles,
and the second could be the time of
the harvest.
So both are likely included in the
fulfillment.
So a few months ago,
a Bright Covenant member,
buttressed by hundreds of pages of my
translations and commentary,
politely told me that, well,
I was right and I was wrong,
and that Shabuwah could not have been
fulfilled because, well,
it's a wheat harvest, and bikuwrym
which Dowd fulfilled, is a barley harvest.
They not only take place at different
times of year,
they have a different audience.
So simultaneously,
my fact checker pointed out that I had
incorrectly spoken of Shabuwah as a barley
harvest because we are told that Shabuwah
is the result of bikuwrym
and some of the offerings are very
similar, so it's a natural conclusion,
plus the fact I grew up in a
culture where Shabuwah was corrupted to
present it as being fulfilled,
and Taruwah was presented as the next
harvest, and it just simply isn't true.
Shabuwah is the next harvest.
It is of mature grain.
It is of wheats.
It is of both Gowym and Yahuwdym
And Dowd fulfilled the spring Miqra'ey,
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym
And because of his fulfillment,
we can capitalize on Shabuwah.
But different ingredients,
two loaves versus the no loaves at all,
and literally the flatbread,
the unyeasted bread.
of Bikuwrym.
They're very different events,
and they're separated for a very,
very long time.
Perry, during our lunch today,
was talking about something he'd sent me
years and years ago when analyzing the
wavelengths of light.
And if you look at that menorah that
is spinning over my left shoulder there,
you'll notice that there are three candles
on one side, three lights on one side,
three luminaries, if you will.
This is Yahowah's menorah,
and it's from meowr
It represents the two luminaries who
fulfilled Pesach Matsah Bikuwrym on
being Dowd on the uh the right side
reading from right to left and then you
have the chag Sukah which would be Taruwah
Kipurym and Sukah on the left side reading
right to left as we do in hebrew
but that candle in the middle represents
Shabuwah and wouldn't you know that the
distance between the wavelengths the
difference between the wavelengths of red
orange and yellow are very close together
and the wavelengths between blue indigo
and violet those are very close together
but
but the the difference in the wavelengths
from yellow to green is considerable and
the difference in the wavelength from
green to blue while not quite as great
is also significant so it it sets just
by the difference in the wavelengths
the first fulfilled Miqra'ey, Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
as separate and unto themselves,
and the last three, Chag Sukah,
as Taruwah, Kipurym, and Sukah,
as a threesome unto themselves to be
fulfilled as over the period of time of
less than a month.
And the one that's in the middle,
separated from both ends by a significant
gap in the length of the wavelength,
would be Shabuwah interesting in that regard.
So,
this realization of course had many
implications first i had to find where
Yahowah usedʾisarown with regard to
Bikuwrym to provide the enriching and
empowering benefits of the covenant and of
course we find it right here so it
is true that god fulfilled all means of
the covenant benefits by Dowd's
fulfillment of Pesach Matsah and Bikuwrym
uh we get a double dose of tenfold
increase on Shabuwah second this meant that
i had to properly identify Shabuwah as a
harvest of standing grain of grain that
were currently in the field being
productive and mature
ready after having made a major
contribution to be harvested.
Fortunately, that was easy since,
as we will discover,
Yahowah overtly associates the promise of
the Shabbat with varieties of wheat,
including that Gowym and Yahuwdym will be
included.
Third,
as I would have to have conclusively
demonstrated that Peter,
or more likely Luke,
creating a caricature of peter uh lied
when he claimed that Shabuwah was fulfilled
as pentecost and i at the same time
i was rewriting twistianity and came to
conclude that no that whole story in acts
two it's just absolutely ridiculous not a
word of it that's uh true and most
of it is demonstrably untrue particularly
since he cites uh
Luke, putting words into Peter's mouth,
cites Yoel,
who gave a prophecy of the end times
of days, seven years from now,
not two thousand years ago.
So this also turned out to be easier
than I thought.
Readers will now find that analysis of
Acts two in the Twistianity series.
So fourth, with Shabuwah unfulfilled,
I needed to ascertain the proper date.
This too turned out to be a bit
of a challenge,
but reasonably achieved because of those
prophetic pronouncements to Daniel.
And when you combine those with what we
read in Yasha'Yah
we know that it would occur on Shabuwah.
either approximately seven years from the
Messiah's return in year six thousand.
Yah
And that meant that the covenant family
would be gathered in and withdrawn on
either the Shabbat of May twenty second
twenty twenty six,
which is just over seven years or June
eleventh twenty twenty seven,
which is just under seven years.
It would coincide with the implementation
of the two-state dissolution,
the time of Israel's trouble,
and a global firestorm of irrational rage
against Jews,
which of course we are witnessing now,
and the arrival of Rahab,
the Towrah-less one that is Donald Trump.
All of these things have come to fruition,
so we know we're on the right track.
Fifth,
this meant that the time of this
realization at this time,
we are down to our final one to
two years with actually a fraction of a
year to at most a little over one
year with only two to fourteen months left
to produce the next harvest,
which I expect will be quite small.
In fact, we're told about the attendees,
and it is exceedingly small.
But that's as it should be,
because God only wants to empower those
individuals who he knows he can trust.
And there's too many that he knows he
cannot trust.
And so when I surveyed what still needed
to be done to correct and complete the
books on behalf of vyadaya.com,
I was exactly,
I came to know how much time that
we would have to complete the first phase
of this mission.
Now six,
with Shabuwah dated and explained as a
harvest of standing grain, now Taruwah,
the Miqra'ey that defined my calling,
had to be properly presented as an olive
harvest.
And for this, I turned to Yashayah,
where we are told that two or three
ripe olives would either be taken or left
protected at that moment from the
uppermost branches, therefore be Yahuwdym,
and that three or four olives would be
taken or remain as a remnant from the
branches that had been cut off
representing the Israelites.
Now, seventh, Taruwah had to be dated.
And for that,
the obvious conclusion was just as the
first three Miqra'ey were fulfilled in
succession in year four thousand.
Yah
the final three is Chag Suka would be
fulfilled in the seventh month during year
six thousand.
Yah
this meant that the final gleaning of
Israelites and Yahuwdym will occur on the
Shabbat of the twenty third and twenty
fourth of September.
So this suggests that the prophecy in
Yoel describing the most monstrous assault
on Yahuwdym in human history will be
perpetrated by Muslims against Israel such
that it is a hundred to a thousand
times worse than what the nation endured
on October seventh, twenty three,
and that it will transpire over the final
days of man's influence over the earth.
Now,
since Dowd fulfilled the first three
Mowedym, Pisach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
so compassionately and courageously,
and will fulfill the final two,
Kipurym and Sukah, in glorious fashion,
his herald would be responsible for the
intervening two,
the harvest of Shabuwah and of Taruwah.
And while this justified Yahowah's
depiction of Yada as the third Zarowa,
as the one cultivating the seeds of the
harvest,
and it explained why the Choter was being
enabled with the seven spirits of Yahowah
and why he was equated to the tree
of knowledge in that presentation,
it's a lot to ask of someone.
Imagine being the understudy placed
between the greatest events in world
history orchestrated by the greatest man
who ever lived.
And you're the guy in the middle that
is expected to score while the other
players are currently sidelined.
Nonetheless,
this is where we find ourselves,
and I remain devoted to working with you
as we have
done for twenty five years to this point.
So I can assure you that we're going
to see this through.
And fortunately for everyone affected,
according to the prophets working
together,
we meet or exceed God's expectations.
So now that you know the full story
of how we got to this place,
and thankfully,
Yahowah was diligent and offered an initial
and essential ʾisarown
providing the benefits of what Dowd did on
Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym with their exponential
enrichment and empowerment,
enlightenment and enablement,
it's now on to the business of the
harvest.
The combination of minchah huwʿ
which is his sacrificial gifts,
provide the shanaym, double portion,
which is ʾisarown, designed to enrich,
empower,
and enlighten this group of soleth,
purified grain representing the saved
souls and root to God.
This is the synergistic and multiplied
effect of what the kebes Tamym,
this lamb that completes the mission,
and what he accomplished by fulfilling
Pesach and Matsah as those Basar body and
Nepesh soul.
The result is ʾisarown
And when we search the meaning of ʾisarown
we discover that it is based upon ‘eshar
as I explained moments ago,
which means ten and tenfold.
Its root is ‘asar
meaning to enrich and to improve,
to develop and to augment,
to enhance and to empower.
To these thoughts,
we must add the implications of the own
suffix,
which encourages us to think expansively
about everything which pertains to being
enriched, empowered, enabled, enlightened.
It's all there for the taking.
Now, so collectively,
these gifts represent the benefits of the
covenant.
We become immortal.
We become not guilty en route to being
adopted into our Heavenly Father's family
where we are enriched and empowered.
And as a direct result of Pesach and
Matsah leading to Bikuwrym,
we are afforded the gift of the homecoming
of God's children.
We'll be there when it occurs.
as God's family.
So this is the opportunity to  ʾisarown
enrich, enlighten, empower, enable,
emancipate souls.
So they're ready for the fourth, fifth,
sixth, and seventh dimensions.
Those adopted on firstborn children can
expect to  ʾisarown
grow tenfold because of the provisions God
is providing.
Now, Yahowah's family,
Now, “balal ba, combined with ha-semen,
the oil, isheh
associated with the manifestation of God's
fiery light.
They are prepared to approach Yahowah.
the “Nychowach through the process of
reconciliation, if you will,
so that God ryach makes us acceptable,
so that we can draw near spiritually.
Obviously,
this olive oil represents the work of the
spirit and that she provides light and is
nourishing and healing.
The olive tree is also the most durably
rooted and enduring organism in the
promised land.
These are all things that we can identify
as part of the metaphor God is conveying,
the word picture, if you will.
Now, the mention of yayn, wine,
representing the lamb sacrifice and the
subsequent marking of the doorway to the
family home with blood and the doorway to
life, it's relevant as well.
While this is the first time it has
been mentioned in association with the
celebration of Pesach and Matsah leading
to Bikuwrym,
now that we understand that the menu
throughout is consistent,
wine seems like a natural addition to
Bikuwrym.
a Passover meal.
It's all one cohesive celebration.
It is clearly symbolic of what is
occurring as the lamb, the olive oil,
and the Matsah un-yeasted bread all serve
as important symbols.
This Yayn is equated with life,
and it is being nesek,
it is being poured out on our behalf.
Not only does the incorporation of the
fermented grape juice reveal that it is
only the yeast in bread, obviously,
that needs to be removed.
Otherwise,
there would be no wine without yeast,
folks.
during the seven days of Chag Matsah,
but it's also symbolic of us growing and
bearing fruit within Dowd's vineyard and
us understanding God's metaphors and not
being expansive of them,
but knowing that with all teaching,
we don't need to augment what God says.
So Passover and un-yeasted bread leading
to firstborn children describe the most
essential three days of our lives.
They provide a way home.
They work collectively and in harmony,
but not independently.
So as a result,
you should not eat regular bread.
Bread of war, of fighting, of violence,
which is dishonorable and which stunts
your potential for growth.
Which, when subjected to roasting,
results in being shriveled up,
shrinking and being dried out,
becoming despicable and detestable,
impeding opportunities for growth.
Or red grapes from the vineyard.
Isn't that interesting?
Because, well, for Pesach,
the grapes do need to be crushed,
don't they?
It was Dowd's soul that was crushed,
taking our guilt into Sheowl.
Just as red grapes, they're not crushed.
But as wine, they are,
which makes wine far more symbolic.
And the wine which does have the yeast
would also be symbolic of the fact that
Dowd is carrying our guilt into Sheowl.
Now this serves as an enduring witness of
the extent of the essential and
foundational day, the Ascent.
As part of that enduring witness,
you should arrive in harmony with the
sacrificial offering,
which was voluntarily given to approach.
You want to approach God?
Then come with yourself having capitalized
upon, coming to learn about,
Understand, accept, celebrate,
benefit from.
It shall be a clearly communicated and
inscribed prescription of what you should
do.
It's a chuqah
It is an engraved recommendation and
decree to receive an allotment by being
cut into the relationship.
throughout your generation and lifetimes,
forever,
in all of your dwelling places and in
every household, everywhere, for all time.
Then you should take this written
communication into account on your behalf
as the means to complete the consequence
of
or to contemplate, I should say,
the consequence of wavering or delaying,
particularly in the end,
as a part of this Shabbat.
From the day that you arrive with the
sheath of bundled grain,
gathered and ready for transport for
uplifting this wave offering,
of the completed sacrifice,
of that which is complete and
accomplished.
There will be seven Shabbats.
So from Matsah,
it is seven Shabbats plus a day.
From Bikuwrym, it's seven sevens.
And so it makes this a very special
day.
It's the springboard to the next harvest.
Now, following this statement,
we will review where we have been.
And I think that's important to do.
And this leads us to the following.
Meanwhile,
into perpetuity and forevermore.
The evidence is provided in the enduring
testimony by the restoring witness to
contemplate the consequence of wavering
and delaying so as to be left behind.
Recall that on the seventh Shabbat.
So you can explain the written accounting.
You should try to understand it and convey
the meaning of it, of these fifty days.
Then with the renewing and restoring gift
of the sacrificial offering,
you can approach and you can present
yourself to Yahowah.
This is the purpose, Peasch and Matsah,
leading to Bikuwrym.
That's from Qara, called out.
Should never have been called Leviticus,
23:16
Yahowah does not want his people to
vacillate.
He does not want them to waver,
to ever hesitate or delay.
Timing will never be better for you to
capitalize on this gift.
The last thing God wants is for us
to sit on our tukuses.
That's a Yiddish term for bum.
And to do nothing,
especially when we are in a position to
accept his generous offer and live forever
within his covenant family.
So here are some concluding thoughts on
Bikuwrym.
And while you are free to derive your
own conclusion,
based upon a number of considerations,
I think that Bikuwrym naturally follows
Matsah,
such that our hesitation does not result
in us being left behind.
And while the Hebrews were in Mitsraym,
Yahowah announced that he invited them to a
meeting, including a meal,
which would transpire over the course of
three days.
It reads,
they will listen to the sound of your
voice.
Then you and the elders of the children
of Yisrael will go to the king of
the crucibles of oppression.
And you will say to them, Yahowah,
God of the Hebrews,
has scheduled a meeting and invited us to
attend it.
So now, therefore,
we implore you to please allow us to
walk away on a three-day path into the
wilderness to ponder the word.
We will prepare a meal to approach Yahowah,
our God.
Pretty clear.
Shemowth, Exodus, 3:18
It's what God wants.
He is committed to us recognizing that
The celebration of Chag Matsah,
as is the case with the celebration of
Chag Sukah,
occurs over a finite period of time.
One, two, three.
This reference to a three-day path to walk
to approach Yahowah is repeated with a
heightened sense of urgency in Shemowth
Exodus 5:3
It reads, then they replied,
the God of the Hebrews has invited us
to meet and has called out.
Now with a heightened sense of urgency,
nah,
we want to walk a lock on a
three-day path.
into pondering the word.
Then we will prepare an animal for a
feast as part of a sacrificial offering to
approach Yahowah, our God.
If not,
he will intercede for us and there will
be a catastrophe,
a plague of widespread death with a sharp
divide and ensuing conflict that leads
ultimately to Choreb
Shemowth Exodus 5:3
Well, certainly not definitive.
These references to having been invited to
walk along a three day path inclusive of
the sacrificial offering to approach
Yahowah are illustrative and they certainly
seem to suggest that the three days are
in succession.
although there would be nothing terribly
wrong with someone concluding and making a
case for the fact that Bikuwrym could be
that seventh day of Chag Matsah that is
a special Shabbatown.
So on the fourteenth day of the first
month is Yahowah's Pesach Passover.
This is one additional review of this same
material,
and God wants to make sure we understand
it.
So let's go over this presentation as
well.
And on the fifteenth day of this month
and time of renewal is Passover.
The chag, the festival feast.
For seven days, Matsah, unyeasted bread,
should be consistently consumed.
During the first and foremost day,
there is a Qodesh set apart and very
special Miqra'ey,
invitation to be called out and meet.
Of course, that's called Passover.
And you should not act to accomplish or
perform any of the work of the Mala'kah
this spiritual heavenly messenger.
Come near and draw closer to the fiery
manifestation of the light so that you can
rise up to approach Yahowah
There should be for you all two young
bulls to thrive, to be productive.
ben Par
Ben Par
To encourage being perceptive,
contemplative and discerning.
Seeking out and considering the available
information and then responding
appropriately.
Baqar, which is also a bull.
So this is a lamb, excuse me,
a bull that is there to cause you
to think.
And the fact that there are two of
them,
would underscore the point that I made
earlier,
that there's a very real possibility that
the bull was also there to support Dowd
during his fulfillment of Pesach and
Matsah leading to Bikuwrym.
But he's certainly here now,
brought front and center by God.
And of course the one lamb,
the capable and productive leader of the
flock representing the framework of the
doorway.
Ayil echad
but let's be honest here too.
Ayil is also the most prominent of trees
and it could represent the bull again,
as well as seven to affirm
um the promise male adolescent allowance
to overcome being controlled and
subjugated at first could all be about the
bull and this all about the lamb and
yes there are seven but the purpose of
seven is to say that all seven of
these Mow'ed Miqra'ey are really about Dowd
To overcome being controlled and
subjugated, each a year old, perfect.
Well, actually not.
It's Tamym again.
This is something that took me a long
time to perceive,
that God's not looking for perfect.
Dowd was the ideal lamb,
not because he was perfect,
but because he was willing to complete the
job.
The verbal root defines the term, and
Tamym is from tamam,
which means to complete,
to finish the job.
And that is what made God the ideal
lamb.
Individually and part of the whole,
you should engage in and act upon these
opportunities to rise.
This is also the baqar
which is to be encouraged,
to be perceptive,
considering the information to respond
appropriately as presented by the bull who
to reveal the benefits of the relationship
continually provides the ability for you
to ascend.
Bamidbar 28:23
And on the fifteenth chapter of Bamidbar
numbers,
God goes through the the same three
animals.
He's going to add the goat in a
moment.
But he tells you that the the means
to restoration come by way of a bull,
the ram and the goat.
And so this is.
God's plan.
These are the three metaphors that he uses
to speak about the men who fulfill and
enable the promise of the Mow'ed Miqra'ey.
And they don't just have an isolated time
that they perform,
but they're together throughout.
So similarly, act upon and engage.
And God wants active people.
He wants responsive people.
Expending the energy to profit from things
like this on a daily basis for seven
days.
The bread,
which is the bread of conflict or of...
of life,
of the feminine manifestation of the fiery
light is uniquely identifiable and
spiritually pleasing,
reconciling the relationship with Yahowah
on top of being continually uplifting for
those acting upon it,
upon His outpouring of benefits upon the
select.
You see,
you're not going to benefit from anything
God has to offer unless you are
responsive.
And during the seventh day,
you have for your benefit,
a set apart and purifying invitation to be
called out and to meet with God.
Do not perform any of the work of
the Mala'kah,
of that spiritual counselor and heavenly
messenger.
Not saying,
I've accomplished what needed to be done
with the men that I've chosen for the
occasion.
You don't do their job.
my Ruwach enabled them to do their job.
So you focus on what's important to you,
which is for you to listen,
observe what I've said they have done,
to contemplate the implications of what
I've said they have done,
and then to respond
to what I have said they have done.
It isn't your job to say, wow,
that sacrifice thing,
I think I want to be crucified too
on Pesach,
and I want the opportunity to go to
hell to carry some guilt away,
so I'll do that on Matsah.
So that's the way I'll become or be
able to benefit from firstborn children or
to do the same on Taruwah.
No.
That's not the way God works.
Your job is to respond after you've
perceived what God has said and understand
it, then capitalize upon it.
This isn't the stupidity of Christianity.
Pick up your cross.
No.
God's chosen who he wanted to fulfill
these days.
It then reads,
then on the day of Bikuwruym
of the firstborn children with the
renewing and restoring gift of the
sacrificial offering.
You can approach and present yourself to
Yahowah."
Pretty clear, huh?
And there,
my friend has the text right there and
you can read it and deal with it.
It was very clear.
The purpose of Bikuwrym,
the firstborn children,
is that if you embrace the renewing and
the restoring gift of the sacrificial
offering,
you can approach and you can present
yourself to Yahowah.
It continues during Shabuwah,
the promise of seven.
There is a set apart invitation to be
called out and meets.
There's one on Bikuwrym
There's another on Shabuwah.
It's also on your behalf.
Everything associated with the duties of
the Mala'kah, of the counselor,
you should not engage in.
I've got it covered.
Same guy's going to work.
He's doing what I need to have done
for you to benefit.
God says, approach at this moment,
ascending with the pleasing spirit of
acceptance to reconcile the relationship
unto Yahowah.
Bamidbar, In the Wilderness, Numbers,
28:27
It's amazing how much information is
presented in Bamidbar in Numbers,
when the world just kicks it aside and
says it's a bunch of meaningless
genealogies,
and look how much we have learned,
from Numbers,
the fifth chapter on the adulterous woman,
the power of the eleventh with Moshe's
meltdown,
the twelfth with Miriam's claim to glory
where she too spoke for Yahowah and
Yahowah's response.
just so powerful all the way through.
We've already presented in other programs,
the twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
and particularly the fifteenth,
that speaks of all of the ways that
God would provide through these three
symbolic animals, the ram, the bull,
and the goat.
And of course,
this leads to the sacrifice of the Adam
of Paran, the nineteenth chapter,
and then the ultimate meltdown of the
waters of Meribah on the twentieth.
And here in the twenty-eighth,
God's presenting his plan of salvation,
of reconciliation.
So before we move on to the fourth
Miqra'ey,
let's see how the Israelites celebrated
the third upon entering the land.
And this will be the conclusion of our
program as we make our way through these
comments.
Then it came to be that to show
the way to be consistent with the
relationship and to derive its benefits,
the entirety of those who had been
estranged were considered properly
prepared through circumcision.
That means circumcision is really
important if you wanna be part of the
covenant family.
They remained in their places within the
camp.
providing enduring testimony while their
lives were restored.
Then Yahowah said,
to Yahusha, which means Yahowah delivers,
he liberates and saves.
This day I have removed and rolled away
the contempt and the disgrace,
the insulting slurs of the crucibles of
religious and political oppressions.
In other words,
everything that was slathered on the souls
of the Israelites by being in that
religious and political slime pit,
It was all scrubbed from them.
Even the stuff they took out with them.
It says from being upon you.
And so the name of this place is
called Gilgal as an enduring witness of
this day.
Of course,
it's interesting that Gilgal is the base
that we get Golgotha,
which is that skull escarpment on Mount
Moriah where Dowd fulfilled Pesach.
Now,
while the children of Yisrael fortuitously
camped out in Gilgal
They acted upon and they engaged in that
which was associated with Pesach Passover.
on the fourteenth day of the month at
twilight on the desert plateau,
assured of Jericho,
of the moon and the month.
Of course,
everything that Dowd does is reflected by
the lesser luminary being the moon.
And out of the
produce of the land, the productivity,
that's why it's a Parah,
it's a productive bull,
they ate while contemplating the
consequence of vacillating and delaying
and thus being left behind on Pesach,
Passover, or on Matsah, un-yeasted bread,
and thereby remaining in the cauldron,
thereby degraded as dishonorable,
this essential and foundational day.
Then the man, the questioning,
observed a Shabbat.
Some resolved while others ceasing to
exist,
while contemplating the consequence of
vacillating and delaying and thus being
left behind with their consumption of the
produce from the land.
And the children of Yisrael were no longer
man.
They were no longer questioning.
Then they were nourished by their produce
that was harvested from the land of the
subdued in that year.
Yahowah saves Joshua five, twelve.
How about you?
Are you nourished by what Yahowah and Dowd
have collaborated in providing for you?
Are you ready for the upcoming harvest?
Are you a net contributor to God's
covenant family?
Are you engaged?
Do you know the basics?
Do you understand them well enough to
share them?
Well, I appreciate your listening.
I've had a lot to say because, yeah,
we had a lot to say about Bikuwrym.
Our next...
A couplet, maybe even three long,
will be Shabuwah.
There's even more to understand about it.
And then, of course,
Taruwah is the most extraordinary day.
It's the great day of Yahowah.
And I don't know how many programs it'll
take to get through Shabuwah,
but we'll do our best and Taruwah.
And that will lead us to Kipurym and
Sukah.
We'll finish this series on the Mohadim,
and then we'll move to other topics like,
for example,
Yahowah's name or the five conditions of
the covenant,
the five benefits of the covenant.
Yisrael actually means,
why there are three destinations for human
souls.
We'll talk about the timeline.
We'll talk about what actually transpired
in the Garden of Eden and what we
can learn from it,
as well as why Yahowah is bringing us
back to the Garden.
There's just so many.
things that can be part of our basic
understanding.
And hopefully over the next week,
our good friend Joe will get the basics
link up so that these will also be
part of the website.
And if you go to the website,
as I mentioned in our last program,
there is a new header with the Yahowah's
name written almost as it was a sword.
And the reason for that is over the
next seven years,
Yahowah is in a fighting mood,
and He wants people to know that a
line is being drawn in the sand,
and you're either on one side or the
other.
And it is not good to be in
opposition to God during this time.
So that is why we changed the look
of the header for the site.
And we're adding so much new functionality
to it.
And we hope that it continues just to
blossom and grow and to be a wonderful
tool for our community over these next
seven years.
So thank you for listening.
We'll be back with you tomorrow.
Good day.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.